Does this start again?
Yeah.
Okay.
If you look at science, technology, and medicine, which are the areas where we need... Let's start from the beginning.
Somebody said to you about how things are online, aren't they?
Yeah.
The question that I got was that someone said, well, everything that's important is online.
You can always sit down and read it off your computer screen from anywhere.
And my point was that, no, it's not true.
And I asked the group if there are
how many of them actually read a newspaper every day, a regional, national paper.
Every hand in the room went up, and then I said, how many of you read it online?
The answer was two people out of the entire room, 100-plus Rotarians.
And then I made the point to them that if you look in Science, Technology, and Medicine, STM, which is the fastest-moving, the fastest-growing in terms of the need for STMs, Science, Technology, and Medicine,
You need to be able to get that information very quickly.
It needs to be very current information.
I asked them how much they thought of this was available online, 10%, 20%, 50%, 90%.
Most of them thought it was about 50%.
The answer is 1%.
Come on.
1%.
This is verifiable?
Is there literature on this?
There will be because we're about to produce a report on this.
The library is about to produce a report.
Is there some way to make sure I get it?
You'll get a copy.
I guarantee it.
It'll get in this new book.
It's going to be in the Chronicle, too.
We're going to get a big spread in Chronicle.
But the whole point is that there are like 5,000 core journals that are in Index Medicus and Science Citation Index.
And of those 5,000 core journals, what you get is about 1% available electronically.
Wow.
And that's it.
But how about things that are really being like Stanford?
They're actually putting stuff online in the first instance.
Oh, yeah.
They're not even publishing it.
We publish our library bulletin in two forms.
It's published by the Steinar Press, letterpress, beautiful, absolutely gorgeous,
The same day it comes out, it comes out on the web.
It does go on the web?
Yeah.
The entire contents.
Front to back, all the illustrations, everything.
And did you scan all the previous stuff?
We're scanning all the previous stuff, including all the indices back to 1931.
How do I get that if I want to find it?
It's www.dartmouth.edu.
That gets you to Dartmouth's homepage, and then you want to click on Libraries.
And it's a subfield in the libraries.
I didn't know about that.
Now we know.
Now, do you use computers?
Mm-hmm.
For research?
Not a lot for research.
No.
I mean, that was how my sister told me about Biblio, and she gave me the web page.
So I went into Biblio, and I downloaded a couple of articles, and I found out how to subscribe.
Yeah.
I hope it makes it better.
The guy does have deep pockets, I was going to say.
He does.
But he's such a great man.
I think it's nice.
It starts with a little bit of innocence.
I mean, they really aren't book professionals.
But I like the innocence to a good place.
The color is good.
The design.
I hope it works.
I'm in every issue, by the way.
I think I'm the only person who's been in every issue.
I'm writing a regular poem.
Well, that was great.
See, a little work done up here.